---
title: Therapeutic understanding of unidirectional/bitinous disorder
tags: []
id: '1109'
categories:
  - - uncategorized
date: 2021-09-30 08:38:40
---

I shouldn't have expressed my mind here. But it is necessary to talk about it.

Mental illness that I used to be familiar with and need to talk about.

**Bi-directional barrier** **Unidirectional disorder** .

These two nouns are separately represented. **Bipolar depression**

Both diseases are diagnosed by **emotional** ups and downs.

1\. I think: Treating **mood disorders** is an effective means of helping to alleviate bipolar disorder and depression. At present, I still insist on my past judgments, using **psychoanalytic theory (talk as a benchmark, supplemented by drugs as a means to cooperate with treatment.**

(In the past I would have been a list of disabled patients.) Now my boyfriend is a bi-directional disorder patient, and there used to be a large number of bi-directional disorder patients.

As a result, I had to regain the area i had abandoned. Relearn to adjust in order to cope with adjusting yourself and helping your boyfriend properly.

2\. Cope with fluctuating emotions and thus look for **attribution to the disease.** Analysis helps it solve problems, and its help soothes emotions.

3\. Properly perfect and help the patient to build his sense of self and help himself. A good patient should have **autonomy and agency**

4\. Follow the order of gradual treatment not to be in a hurry. When the patient gradually stabilizes the party to move on to the next step.

(In this scenario, time is a dynamic variable.)

(The importance of companionship.)